My name is Md Mosleh Uddin, but I go by Asad. I am currently a final year undergraduate student studying Computer Science and Engineering at International Islamic University Chittagong. My primary focus during my university studies has been on Competitive Programming, and I have achieved several notable accomplishments in this area. For example, I was the champion of the IIUC Intra Dept. Junior Programming Contest '21 and placed 9th in the East Delta University Inter-University Programming Contest '22.

Additionally, I have participated in the 2021 and 2022 ICPC Asia Dhaka Preliminary competitions, ranking 233rd and 185th respectively where around 1700 teams participated in both of the contests. I've solved around 1400 problems on websites such as Codeforces, Atcoder, Codechef, SPOJ, and UVA. I am proficient in programming languages such as C, C++, Java, Python. I have even set problems for some intra-university programming contests and have been a judge for these events.

I am currently learning Spring Boot and have completed various projects using different frameworks such as Django, Qt, Streamlit, and Java Netbeans. Some of my notable projects include a platform called Build Your Dream, which was built using C++, Qt, and SQLite, Hogwarts a clone project of Udemy which was built with Django, HTML, CSS, JS and Bootstrap, a To-Do-List App using Django, a Courier Management System built using Java, NetBeans, and SQLite.

In terms of my experiences, I have worked as a competitive programming mentor in boot camps arranged by the Department of CSE at IIUC, where I trained my juniors on various CP techniques and data structures and algorithms. Additionally, I have worked as an undergraduate teaching assistant for a Computer Programming 1 Lab course where I conducted lab sessions and helped students learn C programming.

Overall, I am a dedicated and accomplished student with a passion for programming and a drive to continue learning and improving my skills.